hey guys it's me Vince tax and it's the
results of the new splat fast it was
team eating first steam sleeping and I
was team eating of course and well here
results
oh you got served sleepyheads so it was
another great splat fast um I didn't
record any battles this time cuz my
capture card is really crappy and it
didn't go well but the battles were
amazing it was another great splat fest
the vibe was great the teams were great
um apparently team eats lost a lot
compared to team sleeping but I think
there were a lot of more good people
with team sleeping and team eating were
with more people so yeah okay cool again
this matchmaking wasn't perfect there's
still a few flaws in it and I really
hope they patch it out also I really
hope they're gonna combine splat fest
with a new game mode that will be so
awesome I have a few really good ideas
for game modes and I will be making a
video of it soon if you guys are
interested of course actually it will be
a good idea for everyone to just tell me
what what game mode would you like to
see yeah just leave it in the comments I
won't be making a video of it and I will
be crediting you if you comments of
course just I'm not that bad of a guy uh
yeah that's it um thank you for watching
Phil plaisir if you want to see how the
last splat fast ended there will be a
link in the description as well as my
Twitter and my tumblr cuz i have posted
some funny pictures and gifs gifts I
don't know what you call them we call
them gifts but whatever there will be
some in the description and I think are
quite funny anyway thank you for
watching and Phillip lazier